add reference to mobile agent spec (#108)
elastic/apm-agent-ios: docs/intro.asciidoc

For network instrumentation, the agent uses `NSURLSessionInstrumentation`. This provides network instrumentation in the form of spans and enables distributed tracing for all instrumented downstream services.

Detailed information on the device, operating system, and application is provided by `SDKResourceExtension`. More information on which data points are captured can be found in the  https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/swift/manual/#SDKResourceExtension[opentelementry.io SDKResourceExtension documentation].

> Elastic maps Open Telemetry attributes to Elastic compatible names. Those mappings can be found in the https://github.com/elastic/apm/tree/main/specs/agents/mobile[Mobile Agent Spec]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Elastic maps OpenTelemetry attributes to Elastic-specific fields. Details of these mappings can be found in the https://github.com/elastic/apm/tree/main/specs/agents/mobile[Elastic Mobile Agent Spec].
```
